Add an API to support retrieving schemas from Confluent Cloud (#57)
dfds/confluent-gateway: README.md

[![Build Status](https://dfds.visualstudio.com/CloudEngineering/_apis/build/status%2Fconfluent-gateway)][https://dfds.visualstudio.com/CloudEngineering/_apis/build/status%2Fconfluent-gateway]

A dedicated service in Golang made for interfacing with the third party service Confluent Cloud.

> Communication with this service is through Kafka messages. There is also an API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reading from this service happens through the REST-like API.
State-changing communication happens asynchronously through Kafka only.
```
